README.md, before:

# Lumina

A top down fast paced objective based PvPvE game.

![poster](./.github/assets/poster.png)

## Quickstart

To compile Lumina, you have to perform a recursive clone:

```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/nixon-voxell/lumina.git
```

### Run the game

Before running the game, the `assets` folder needs to be linked correctly to all the binary crates.
You can do so by running:

```
create_asset_junctions.bat
```

To run the game, you need to start the server and the client.
You can do so manually using:

```
cargo run --bin lumina_server
cargo run --bin lumina_client
```

For development purposes, a shell script has been created to speed things up:

#### Windows

```
run.bat x
```

With `x` being the number of clients you want to spawn.

### Test Bed

To improve development time, the `crates/test_bed/examples` folder is used to create mini test cases with minimal compilation time. Run a test example using the following command:

```
cargo run --example test_name
```

With `test_name` being the name of your testing example.


## Tech Stack

Lumina is made mainly using the Rust language.
This means that most of the dependencies used will also be from the Rust ecosystem.

Here is the breakdown of the Lumina tech stack:

| Component           | Tool/Library                                                                                             |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Game Engine         | [Bevy](https://bevyengine.org/)                                                                          |
| UI/UX               | [Velyst](https://github.com/voxell-tech/velyst)                                                          |
| Global Illumination | Radiance Cascades, an improvement from [here](https://github.com/nixon-voxell/bevy_radiance_cascades)    |
| Particle System     | [Bevy Enoki](https://github.com/Lommix/bevy_enoki)                                                       |
| Physics             | [Avian](https://github.com/Jondolf/avian)                                                                |
| Networking          | [Lightyear](https://github.com/cBournhonesque/lightyear)                                                 |
| Asset Management    | [Blenvy](https://github.com/kaosat-dev/Blenvy)                                                           |
| Input Manager       | [Leafwing Input Manager](https://github.com/Leafwing-Studios/leafwing-input-manager)                     |
| Coroutine           | [Bevy Coroutine](https://github.com/Maaxed/bevy_coroutine)                                               |
| Motion Graphics     | [Bevy MotionGfx](https://github.com/voxell-tech/bevy_motiongfx)                                          |

Lumina is unique in several ways in terms of technical challenges.
It is essentially also a technical playground in hindsight to test new tecnologies to their limits.

- Lumina uses vector graphics for all of its UI components which is rendered using [Vello](https://github.com/linebender/bevy_vello).
- Lumina's UI system is built entirely using a fairly new language called [Typst](https://typst.app/).
- Lumina employs a novel approach towards 2d lighting using a global illumination technique called Radiance Cascades.

Commit message:

Teleporter (#127)
* Minor refactor on event variable renaming

* Add teleporter plugin

* Replace lumina visual

Co-Authored-By: Alex Tan <77610715+AlexTan35@users.noreply.github.com>

* Add in teleporter head and track, moved Lobby to Map

Co-Authored-By: Alex Tan <77610715+AlexTan35@users.noreply.github.com>

* Fix teleporter track model

Co-Authored-By: Alex Tan <77610715+AlexTan35@users.noreply.github.com>

* Add generic CooldownEffectPlugin, move PlayerId into lumina_common

* Use CooldownEffectPlugin for ability

* Move effector completely from shared to client

- Set half resolution for radiance cascades by default

* Add teleporter effector

* Add TeleporterInfos

* Add teleport player

* Revamp blueprint replication system!

- Add in spawner platform

Co-Authored-By: Alex Tan <77610715+AlexTan35@users.noreply.github.com>

* Fix doc, remove lumina_terrain from the workspace

* Add spawner platform to local lobby

Co-Authored-By: Alex Tan <77610715+AlexTan35@users.noreply.github.com>

* Allow both client and server to reload weapon

* Redesign teleporter & sandbox for grid perfect fitting

* Add animation to tesseract

* Add animation example

* Tested animation

* Fix clippy

* Add AnimatorPlugin

---------

Co-authored-by: Alex Tan <77610715+AlexTan35@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: kahboon0425 <changkahboon25@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Lumina

A top down fast paced objective based PvPvE game.

![poster](./.github/assets/poster.png)

## Quickstart

To compile Lumina, you have to perform a recursive clone:

```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/nixon-voxell/lumina.git
```

### Run the game

Before running the game, the `assets` folder needs to be linked correctly to all the binary crates.
You can do so by running:

```
create_asset_junctions.bat
```

To run the game, you need to start the server and the client.
You can do so manually using:

```
cargo run --bin lumina_server
cargo run --bin lumina_client
```

For development purposes, a shell script has been created to speed things up:

#### Windows

```
run.bat x
```

With `x` being the number of clients you want to spawn.

### Test Bed

To improve development time, the `crates/test_bed/` folder is used to test out art assets and see how they look like in-game.
Run the test bed using the following command:

```
cargo run --bin test_bed
```

With `test_name` being the name of your testing example.


## Tech Stack

Lumina is made mainly using the Rust language.
This means that most of the dependencies used will also be from the Rust ecosystem.

Here is the breakdown of the Lumina tech stack:

| Component           | Tool/Library                                                                                             |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Game Engine         | [Bevy](https://bevyengine.org/)                                                                          |
| UI/UX               | [Velyst](https://github.com/voxell-tech/velyst)                                                          |
| Global Illumination | Radiance Cascades, an improvement from [here](https://github.com/nixon-voxell/bevy_radiance_cascades)    |
| Particle System     | [Bevy Enoki](https://github.com/Lommix/bevy_enoki)                                                       |
| Physics             | [Avian](https://github.com/Jondolf/avian)                                                                |
| Networking          | [Lightyear](https://github.com/cBournhonesque/lightyear)                                                 |
| Asset Management    | [Blenvy](https://github.com/kaosat-dev/Blenvy)                                                           |
| Input Manager       | [Leafwing Input Manager](https://github.com/Leafwing-Studios/leafwing-input-manager)                     |
| Coroutine           | [Bevy Coroutine](https://github.com/Maaxed/bevy_coroutine)                                               |
| Motion Graphics     | [Bevy MotionGfx](https://github.com/voxell-tech/bevy_motiongfx)                                          |

Lumina is unique in several ways in terms of technical challenges.
It is essentially also a technical playground in hindsight to test new tecnologies to their limits.

- Lumina uses vector graphics for all of its UI components which is rendered using [Vello](https://github.com/linebender/bevy_vello).
- Lumina's UI system is built entirely using a fairly new language called [Typst](https://typst.app/).
- Lumina employs a novel approach towards 2d lighting using a global illumination technique called Radiance Cascades.
